Who wrote Breakfast At Tiffany's?,Truman Capote.
What was the 1951 autobiography by Lionel Barrymore?,We Barrymores.
What was the particular link between Jean Plaidy  Phillipa Carr and Victoria Holt?,They are the same person.
Which fictional detective refers to using the little gray cells?,Hercule Poirot.
What is the real name of the author of Miss Manners Guide For the Turn of the Millennium?,Judith Martin.
Under which name did American author Samuel Langhorne Clemens write?,Mark Twain.
Whose novel published at the very end of the 19th century produced the most-filmed horror character of the 20th century?,Bram Stoker (Dracula).
Whose novels include Go Tell It On The Mountain?,James Baldwin.
What was the first name of New Zealand novelist Ms Marsh?,Ngaio.
Who wrote Winesburg Ohio?,Sherwood Anderson.
Who won a Booker Prize for Midnight's Children?,Salmam Rushdie.
In which decade of the century did HG Wells die?,1940s.
Whose sports-based novels of the 90s include Comeback and To the Hilt?,Dick Francis.
Aunt Agatha and Bingo Little feature in the escapades of which man about town?,Bertie Wooster.
Which writer of horrific happenings was himself involved in a road accident while out walking in 1999?,Stephen King.
In which decade was The Lord Of The Rings first published?,50s.
Whose best-selling books include When You Look Like Your Passport Photo It's Time To Go Home?,Erma Bombeck.
Who penned the airport lounge best seller titled Airport?,Arthur Hailey.
Which novelist with an English place last name wrote White Fang?,Jack London.
Who wrote I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings?,Maya Angelou.
Georges Simenon created which character known by one name?,Maigret.
What type of Jungle animal was Shere Khan?,Tiger.
David John Cornell wrote spy stories under which name?,John Le Carre.
In 1917, which Joseph endowed an annual literary prize?,Pulitzer.
Who wrote Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?,Edward Albee.
In which Ian Fleming novel did the dog Edison appear?,Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
Whose autobiography was called Bound For Glory?,Woody Guthrie.
Which writer did Sean O' Casey describe as English Literature's performing flea?,PG Wodehouse.
Ten Days That Shook the World is about what?,Russian Revolution.
Who completed his novel Omerta shortly before his death?,Mario Puzo.
In Peter Pan, what are Hook's last words?,Floreat Etona.
What was Ian Fleming's first novel?,Casino Royale.
Who wrote A Hard Road to Glory: The History of the African American Athlete?,Arthur Ash.
Of the trio of female US novelists who have sold over 30 million books, who was the second to be published?,Harper Lee (To Kill A Mockingbird).
Which actress wrote the children's book Nibbles & Me?,Elizabeth Taylor.
What was William Golding's follow up to The Lord of the Flies?,The Inheritors.
Which French novelist played in goal  for Algeria?,Albert Camus.
Whose autobiographical novel was called The Enormous Room?,e e cummings.
Which British novelist said "Fame is a powerful aphrodisiac?",Graham Greene.
Which novelist was the cousin of actor Christopher Lee?,Ian Fleming.
How was H H Munro better known?,Saki.
What was DH Lawrence's Lady Chatterley's Lover originally to have been called?,Tenderness.
Who left an unfinished work called Cantos?,Ezra Pound.
Which book had the longest stay on the New York Times paperback bestsellers list?,A Life Less Ordinary (M Scott Peck).
What was the first book in the Goosebumps series?,Welcome To Dead House.
Which children's author's autobiography was called Boy?, Ronald Dahl.
What is the first name of P G Wodehouse's character Cheesewright?,Stilton.