What U.S. president's State of the Union address lasted a record 81 minutes?,Bill Clinton.
What U.S. president was born William Jefferson Blythe IV?,Bill Clinton.
What 1970's president openly discussed his battle with hemorrhoids?,Jimmy Carter
What U.S. president had the shortest life?,John F. Kennedy.
What former president was on an African hunting trip when his enemy J. P. Morgan quipped: "Let every lion do his duty"?,Theodore Roosevelt.
What conspirator in the Lincoln assassination was pardoned for saving the lives of prison guards during a yellow fever epidemic?,Dr. Samuel Mudd.
What president opined: "Once you get into this great stream of history you can't get out"?,Richard Nixon.
Who was the first president to utter "We shall overcome" before a joint session of Congress?,Lyndon B. Johnson.
What future president was the only U.S. senator from a Confederate state to remain in Congress after secession?,Andrew Johnson.
What president's mug graces a $100000 bill?,Woodrow Wilson.
What future U.S. president received the last rites of the Catholic Church after an infection following spinal surgery in 1954?,John F. Kennedy.
What war saw James Madison become the first U.S. president to command a military unit during his term in office?,The war of 1812.
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial?,The U.S. Constitution.
Who was the first daughter of a U.S. president to pose nude for a Playboy video?,Patti Davis.
How many U.S. states are named after a president?,One.
Who is the only president to have survived two assassination attempts by women?,Gerald Ford.
What portly U.S. president was the first to be a golf nut?,William Howard Taft.
What future president's Texas classmates ran a shot of a jackass under his yearbook photo?,Lyndon B. Johnson.
What day does the U.S. president traditionally deliver a weekly radio address?,Saturday.
What horse-loving future president cheated on an eye exam to join the cavalry reserves in the 1930's?,Ronald Regan.
What U.S. president threw out the most Opening Day baseballs?,Franklin D. Roosevelt.
What card game did Dwight D. Eisenhower play fanatically while planning for D-Day?,Bridge.
What White House lawyer first revealed the existence of an "enemies list" and "hush money" at the Watergate hearings?,John Dean.
What date saw FDR sign the U.S. declaration of war against Japan?,December 8 1941.
What U.S. president installed solar panels on the White House roof?,Jimmy Carter.
What First Lady of the 1980s was shocked to find "a tremendous rat" swimming with her in the White House Pool?,Barbara Bush.
What future anchor was the only female reporter to tag along with Richard Nixon on his historic trip to China?,Barbara Walters.
Who revealed that the U.S. had a hydrogen bomb in his last State of the Union speech?,Harry S. Truman